ai-gen: Update metadata (#3449)
raycast/extensions: extensions/ai-gen/README.md

# OpenAI Image and Text Generator

> The `ai-gen` extension uses the OpenAI [Image Generation](https://beta.openai.com/docs/guides/images) API — colloquially known as [DALL·E 2](https://openai.com/dall-e-2/) — and the [Text Completion](https://beta.openai.com/docs/guides/completion) API to generate results from a text-based prompt.

Reviewer: Should the description be updated?

```suggestion
The OpenAI Generator extension uses the OpenAI [Image Generation](https://beta.openai.com/docs/guides/images) API — colloquially known as [DALL·E 2](https://openai.com/dall-e-2/) — and the [Text Completion](https://beta.openai.com/docs/guides/completion) API to generate results from a text-based prompt.
```
